hello and welcome friendly
until another chelsea and now with
the video for the solo player among you
or for the people still in the
or at the serverserverer small ranking
want to do and which follower
he takes here there is only one choice and
there is only one choice in the
then you equip it
Much relieved went with buzz
we have to fight in the background
We now bring low the first one
beat had already 50 percent
affected can now do we have a
Be a little more careful than us
want him in the 20 percent range
is there were still two small
Stösschen that was really strange
but he still lives god thankfully lives
still and how you see what's up he is
does not exactly move that anymore
now make the weapon and that has the
the effect as soon as vossloh occurs is the
42 14 30 customers frozen
that does not beguile the mixture and
just keeps it whenever it looks brokdorf
you two to thirty customers doing that
post nothing at all, and in addition has the
you can still weaponize the effects
blow away as a whole now
important note so exactly
watch out
you have the elemental damage of the weapon
we want it must be because if the
lightning it can be combined
with the right low
cause that he still in addition
confessed so you have paid attention
to deliver two options in the post
once the permanent company fries venlo is
if he is under 20 percent that is at
a wolf guardian at level 50
can ever have 80 billion hp
essential and elements than that go
to another browser, we bring
the again or with it again nice
does not look so violent with a few hits
So he's not too hard and messing with it
the toothbrush and that ensures you see
her frozen it works again
Of course, every boss will get one
special template needs that
times it starts but counts here
that attracts him himself pulls the
works really well
small note as always at all
I will already have no equipment videos
and everything again below with
small link he clicks on it I have
you in the text of normal
He described process but needs
In principle, let's have a look
what do we need or what helps us
A high block kate is very high
important to the templar so that this
thought that the templar is doing harm
your companion that he will do the same
So that's the smallest relation anymore
to your detriment
you need the templar or yours
follower specifically just for that with the
opponent cc so that he's the opponents so often
as possible and, of course, still
if necessary together with them
then the amulet needs a unity
that you may have in fact more toughness
and then of course the lightning ring of the
works but only then in the
combination if the weapon also lightning
damage makes weapon out of lightning
we want to hurt and the rest program
by itself and then down again
the link clicks again
to explain in writing then only remains
One thing left I wish you luck
much success and stormed creations